Feat: Add gradient-installer CLI (#70)
Paperspace/gradient-installer: README.md

# Gradient Installer

![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/stripe/stripe-cli)

> Gradient Installer is a CLI to setup and manage Gradient private clusters on AWS, NVIDIA DGX-1, and any VM / Baremetal.

Reviewer: 1. seems to me that at this point, it's a CLI + terraform modules, not just a CLI, and that that may be worth being explicit about here, even though you mention something similar on the next line
1. also on paperspace, really
1. maybe `bare metal`? that's how we wrote it in the GUI

Author: The primary method is the CLI, terraform modules are a dependency of the CLI. I think it's more clear to focus on the CLI as the main method and give information on how people could use Terraform.

Reviewer: all right

Terraform is used under the hood to setup all the infrastructure. Terraform modules can also be used directly to integrate Gradient into an existing Terraform setup.

### Supported target platforms
- AWS EKS
- NVIDIA DGX-1

> - VM / Baremetal

Reviewer: same q here about "baremetal"

## Prerequisites
- A Paperspace account with appropriate billing plan and API key [https://www.paperspace.com]

> - An AWS S3 bucket to store Terraform state [https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/user-guide/create-bucket.html]

Reviewer: do they need the s3 bucket just for state? seems like this would be optional

Author: We should start with it being required, because if they don't specify it and lose state, they won't be able to update their cluster or destroy it.

Reviewer: 👍

## Install / Update
```sh
/bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/paperspace/gradient-installer/master/bin/install)"
```

> ### Updating Gradient Installer

Reviewer: you switch between verb tenses at each header in this general section -- i would choose either the imperative or present progressive and stick with it, i.e. `install/update` vs `updating`

```sh
gradient-installer update
```

## Usage

> ### Setup a Gradient private cluster

Reviewer: here as well: `Setting up` or change the below to `Update an...`

```sh
gradient-installer clusters up
```

### Updating existing clusters
```sh
gradient-installer clusters up CLUSTER_HANDLE
```

### Profiles

> The CLI support multiple profiles, which can be used for different teams. You can use profile by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLI supports multiple profiles, which can be used for different teams. You can use a profile by:
```

```sh
export PAPERSPACE_PROFILE=favorite-team
gradient-installer setup
```

## Terraform

> To keep track of the state of your cluster, the CLI stores your state file in an S3 bucket.

Reviewer: is this not configurable?

Author: It's configurable, the CLI prompts you

> Terraform modules can be used directory, here is a list of available modules

Reviewer: this is not grammatical
